Create Blog Post “chatgpt-node-release-keeping-the-conversation-going” (#2565)
Nexmo/deved-platform: content/blog/en/chatgpt-node-release-keeping-the-conversation-going.md

---
title: "Generative AI Node Release: Keeping the Conversation Going"
description: The Generative AI Node is now live, providing a simple way to integrate large language models.
author: diana-pham-1
published: true
published_at: 2023-08-17T17:01:49.376Z
updated_at: 2023-08-17T17:01:49.389Z
category: release
tags:
  - ai-studio
  - generative-ai
comments: true
spotlight: false
redirect: ""
canonical: ""
outdated: false
replacement_url: ""
---
As the tech landscape evolves, Vonage is thrilled to announce the release of our latest product: the Generative AI Node, powered by [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/docs/introduction). This new addition to the AI Studio aims to set a new benchmark in the conversational AI industry, and here's a closer look.

## A Glimpse Into the Background
The conversational AI realm has been witnessing radical transformations since OpenAI launched ChatGPT. Given the leaps and bounds made in AI, it's only fitting that AI Studio advances as well. The incorporation of LLM into AI Studio promises a more immersive user experience. For example, users never have to leave their Vonage Dashboard to set up or use the Node!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# There’s Something for Everyone
What does this release mean for our users?

**For current AI Studio users:** The GAI node enables your agents to communicate more naturally and adaptively. You won't need to prepare for every possible input; the Node understands the subtle variations in user interactions, ensuring a smooth conversation every time. It's all about enhancing flexibility in your chat experience.

**For those already familiar with GAI but new to AI Studio:** Our platform simplifies the process of integrating GAI across various channels like Voice, WhatsApp, and even SMS. AI Studio is a straightforward way to join the GAI bandwagon and improve your company's customer experience.
```

## Generative AI Node - A Sneak Peek
The GPT node offers integration with third-party LLM models such as GPT-3 by OpenAI. Users can supply a knowledge base description to this model, leveraging their unique credentials. Vonage AI elevates this integration by introducing session memory, parameter extraction, and enabling fallback mechanisms. The LLM model's response won't be directly relayed to the end-users, ensuring users maintain control and can set conditions based on the AI's response. 

### Outcomes Tailored for Our Customers
Here's what our users can anticipate by merging OpenAI with our node:
- **Simplified Knowledge Base Integration:** Now, there's no need to manually input intents and user expressions, making the deployment quicker and more intuitive for everyone. 
- **Boosted AI Conversational Abilities:** The virtual assistant can retain context, making multi-question conversations feel organic.

> - **Skyrocketing Customer Satisfaction:** Users can look forward to an upgraded, high-efficiency virtual assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhanced Customer Satisfaction:** Users can look forward to an upgraded, high-efficiency virtual assistant.
```

---
title: "ChatGPT Node Release: Keeping the Conversation Going"

> description: The ChatGPT Node is now live, providing a simple way to integrate

Reviewer 2: AI Studio is already Conversational AI, we're integrating generative ai / large language models.

  conversational AI into Vonage AI Studio.
author: diana-pham-1
published: true
published_at: 2023-08-17T17:01:49.376Z
updated_at: 2023-08-17T17:01:49.389Z
category: release
tags:
  - ai-studio

>   - chatgpt

Reviewer 2: I think we should talk in the Outreach team about what tag we want to use for GAI/LLM/etc. I'll start a thread

comments: true
spotlight: false
redirect: ""
canonical: ""
outdated: false
replacement_url: ""
---

> As the tech landscape evolves, Vonage is thrilled to announce the release of our latest product: the Generative AI Node, powered by OpenAI. This new addition to the AI Studio aims to set a new benchmark in the conversational AI industry, and here's a closer look.

Reviewer 2: Add links to the Generative AI documentation and to Open AI documentation about ChatGPT

> ## A Glimpse into the Background

Reviewer 2: A Glimpse Into the Background

> The conversational AI realm has been witnessing radical transformations since OpenAI launched ChatGPT. Given the leaps and bounds made in AI, it's only fitting that AI Studio advances as well. The incorporation of LLM into AI Studio promises a more immersive user experience. By seamlessly integrating ChatGPT, users can quickly construct conversational flows making their chatbots incredibly efficient.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest you add some more concrete examples here how AI Studio is seamlessly integrating ChatGPT; that users never have to leave their Vonage Dashboard for setup or using the Node.

> The conversational AI realm has been witnessing radical transformations since OpenAI launched ChatGPT. Given the leaps and bounds made in AI, it's only fitting that AI Studio advances as well. The incorporation of LLM into AI Studio promises a more immersive user experience. By seamlessly integrating ChatGPT, users can quickly construct conversational flows making their chatbots incredibly efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The conversational AI realm has been witnessing radical transformations since OpenAI launched ChatGPT. Given the leaps and bounds made in AI, it's only fitting that AI Studio advances as well. The incorporation of LLM into AI Studio promises a more immersive user experience. For example, users never have to leave their Vonage Dashboard to set up or use the Node!
```

## Generative AI Node - A Sneak Peek

> The GPT node offers integration with third-party LLM models such as GPT by OpenAI. Users can supply a knowledge base description to this model, leveraging their unique credentials. Vonage AI elevates this integration by introducing session memory, parameter extraction, and enabling fallback mechanisms. The LLM model's response won't be directly relayed to the end-users, ensuring users maintain control and can set conditions based on the AI's response. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we want to mention which model the node is using.

### Outcomes Tailored for Our Customers
Here's what our users can anticipate by merging ChatGPT with our node:

> - **Simplified Knowledge Base Integration:** Ditch the manual creation of user expressions and intents. Our integrated virtual assistant promises a smoother, faster onboarding experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Simplified Knowledge Base Integration:** Now, there's no need to manually input intents and user expressions, making the deployment quicker and more intuitive for everyone. 
```

- **Boosted AI Conversational Abilities:** The virtual assistant can retain context, making multi-question conversations feel organic.
- **Skyrocketing Customer Satisfaction:** Users can look forward to an upgraded, high-efficiency virtual assistant.

### Benefits of Vonage AI Studio Integration
With this new node, users can anticipate:
- Capability to retain user data and context.
- Ability to define tasks.
- Feature to extract conversational attributes and parameters.
- Optimized tokens.
- Flexibility to switch between GPT/LLM models and AI Studio seamlessly.

### Pricing Insights

> We're as excited about this integration as you are! As of now, Vonage is offering usage of this node on our platform for **free**. Users can use their credentials to enjoy these enhanced services.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to be careful here and make it clear that we are not upcharging, but that people are still charged according to their OpenAI usage. It's very expensive!

> We're as excited about this integration as you are! As of now, Vonage is offering usage of this node on our platform for **free**. Users can use their credentials to enjoy these enhanced services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're as excited about this integration as you are! While using this node on the Vonage AI Studio won't cost you any extra, please be aware that separate charges from OpenAI will apply. Simply use your credentials to access these enhanced services on our platform. Remember, while Vonage won't bill you for the node usage, you'll need to account for OpenAI's costs.
```

---
title: "Generative AI Node Release: Keeping the Conversation Going"
description: The Generative AI Node is now live, providing a simple way to integrate large language models.
author: diana-pham-1
published: true
published_at: 2023-08-17T17:01:49.376Z
updated_at: 2023-08-17T17:01:49.389Z
category: release
tags:
  - ai-studio
  - generative-ai
comments: true
spotlight: false
redirect: ""
canonical: ""
outdated: false
replacement_url: ""
---

> As the tech landscape evolves, Vonage is thrilled to announce the release of our latest product: the Generative AI Node, powered by [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/docs/introduction). This new addition to the AI Studio aims to set a new benchmark in the conversational AI industry, and here's a closer look.

Reviewer: comment example

> As the tech landscape evolves, Vonage is thrilled to announce the release of our latest product: the Generative AI Node, powered by [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/docs/introduction). This new addition to the AI Studio aims to set a new benchmark in the conversational AI industry, and here's a closer look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the tech landscape changes, Vonage is thrilled to announce the release of our latest product: the Generative AI Node, powered by [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/docs/introduction). This new addition to the AI Studio aims to set a new benchmark in the conversational AI industry, and here's a closer look.
```
